Update CHANGELOG.md to explain that recent changes are not here (#944)
owen-it/laravel-auditing: CHANGELOG.md

> ## Note that changelogs after v13.0.0 are included in the [releases](releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Note that changelogs not listed here are included in the [releases](https://github.com/owen-it/laravel-auditing/releases).
```
